Who appear in the Virgin Mary Mary in France?
What is in Main Building?
The Basilica of Basilica heart at Notre is beside to Notre
What is Grotto in Notre
What sits on the Main Building Building
When did the Magazine Magazine Magazine Magazine
How often is Notre published?
What is the daily student paper at called?
How many student news papers are found in Notre
In what year did the student paper begin the Common Sense
Where is the headquarters of the Holy Cross?
What is the primary seminary of the Holy Cross?
What is the oldest structure in Notre
What are some signs that live at Fatima House at Notre
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?
How many BS level degrees are offered in college?
In what year was the College of college Dame
Can we know before the College of college?
How many departments are there?
What is the best time to offer civil engineering courses to offer civil engineering?
What entity provides help with time for new students at home?
How many colleges are there?
What was created with first year students?
What organization declared the First Year of Studies organization
The year of Doctorate occurred
What type of degree is an M.Div.?
Which program at the Master of Education degree?
In what year was a Master first offered in Notre
Which department is only one to not offer a PhD program?
What are the reasons for violent conflict?
What is the title of Notre Dame's
In what year was the year was Institute of the Joan
Who was John B. Kroc
What company did Ray Kroc mean?
How many library is the main library at Notre
What is the main name of the main library Dame?
In what year was the Library M. Library at finished?
Which artist?
What is a common name for reference mural Dame?
How many incoming students did admit admit in fall 2015?
What percentage of students were admitted to Notre
Where does Notre rank in terms of research in terms of research among research in the US?
What percentage of students at Action What
How many miles does the average student travel to travel
Where and how did the U.S. News News begin?
position placed placed
The undergrad school at the undergrad school at the College of Business
In 2014 what entity named named 10th best of American universities?
What percentage of Notre students decide to study abroad?
What was the Director of the Science Museum
What is the lifespan of John Augustine
What program did John Augustine come to John
What book did John Zahm write in 1896?
What did Father Josh Carrier Carrier hold at Father
In what year did Albert Zahm begin comparing comparing aeronatical
Which professor have sent message on the USA?
In what year did Jerome Green send his first wireless message?
Which individual worked on Notre that eventually created neoprene?
What did the brother of John Zahm mean?
Work on a germ-free-life ended
When was the right time to become independent?
How did Lobund become an Institute?
Can I see merged into the Department of Biology at what year?
When did study begin at Notre
How are what Gurian Gurian
What is your review of Politics (2016 movie)?
How many years of Politics edit the Review of Politics Review
Thomas Stritch was an editor of Thomas
Who was the president of 2012?
The Kellogg Institute of The Kellogg university?
What does Kroc Institute at focus on?
In what year did Notre Index?
What threat to global warming?
How many undergrads were attending attending in 2014?
What percentage of students at the children of former students of former children students?
How many teams participate in Notre
What causes the Bengal at the Bengal of the Bengal of the Bengal of Delaware?
How many total were at total students in 2014?
What percentage of undergrads live on Notre
How many student are reserved areas for graduate students?
How many dorms for a males on Notre
What amount of the graduate student body at the campus?
How do you make females at Notre Dame?
What is the Congregation of Latin?
What percentage of Notre students feel Christian?
How often is Catholic mass in a week?
How many chapels are on Notre
What amount of the student body of Notre body Dame
What was the hall at music hall
How was the Main Building at fire?
Who was the president of Notre
On what date was the date of The Main Building after The Main Building claimed after the Notre
What did the Science Hall at the as?
What type of education?
How did Notre Dame
Who was named, a new president Dame
How many years of national standards did national standards take place?
may have been forbidden from joining a Jesuit
The new head team got a new head team got a new head team got it?
What was the amount of wins attained while head attained while head attained coach?
In what year did the team lead to a team win the Rose Bowl?
How many years was Knute head coach in Notre
How many national titles were won when How
Why do Catholic people feel Yale represented?
students had students students
Which college is better, preventing students and the KKK?
What type of event did the intend to have at Notre in March Dame
Where and how did Notre Dame
Which person became vice-president became
Who was the president of Notre
What are your views on Notre award
Which year was the first year given Medal
How did the football team believed team Dame football Dame football team played?
What will happen if the time body became president became
Which institute did animal life create Cavanaugh
What is Hall Hall of Notre
Which president has in 1947?
other institute create at Outside what other institute did other institute create at animals,
What is the lifespan of Theodore
In what factor did the operating budget of Notre
What was the size of Notre Dame
What is the years of president of During Notre
How many faculty were at the role of president?
What type of educational is used for credit for creating
Which role did Charles Charles Sheedy
What title did Thomas Blantz mean?
In what year did Notre have its earliest undergraduate that was its earliest undergraduate that was female?
Where did Notre Dame agree to an exchange program in the 1960s?
What years of Edward Malloy was Edward Malloy
What was the SAT score, on average, at Edward Malloy
How was the size of president became
How long would it take for a president to end the end of his research funding
What amount of professors should under Malloy?
When did John president become president?
In the amount of presidents has had, has had, has had, has had, has had, had,
Who was the Notre president
Which arena was constructed under Jenkins
How much money was spent on John enhancing
What is in charge of Old College Dame?
What is the original structure of the original church of Father Father
In which architectural style made?
Which individual painted the inside of Sacred Heart Sacred
In what year was the year of Our Lady of Our Lady constructed?
What creation of a science hall at Notre
In what year did the student union building building at Notre Center?
After which individual was the named?
How large in square feet is the square feet Dame?
What is the annual budget of Center? Center?
How many halls are house students?
Which library was built at Notre
How many books are housed at the Library? Hesburgh
Does hall started on March 8th on March 8th
What baseball stadium is found in Notre
How year did Notre create the Office Office
What percentage of food served at Notre locally grown?
How entity?
What institute?
How was the facility of Notre in England?
At what location is the London location Center operated by found?
What is the best way to as?
In what year did the location of house house Street
What was Notre in college?
In what year was the College of Arts Dame
In what year did the College of Arts play its first degree?
On which university did Notre Dame
How many BA majors does the College of Arts offer? offer?
Which president has created the College of science?
In what year was the College of Science formed?
How many years course course under Patrick
Which hall universities contains the current College in science?
How many students attend the College of Science at Notre
How college?
Is the current School of Architecture housed
What length is the length of study at the course of the School of Architecture?
In which location is the location of the School of Architecture
What prestigious prize does the School of Architecture at give out?
In what year did the opening of a library at Notre occur?
Where is the theology library at Notre
How many books are held libraries? libraries?
library Currently
What caused Catholics to leave the europe in the Catholics
How did Anton-Hermann Chroust come to reach Notre
What field of study did did Chroust
Who did Waldemar Gurian receive his doctorate?
What was Ivan Meštrović known for being?
The school lengthy is known as a lengthy name, what is it?
What is the institution of Notre
The French words Notre in
Who is the patron saint of Notre
Are Notre large
What caused the Notre caused
Which 20th century is most 20th century coach
Which association are the student athletes athletes athletes at Notre
How many students received received received
Are there any multiple students from multiple Pro students who is multiple Pro Football
Where among the US universities Dame
How many individual colleges are part of Notre
Which prize does the Architecture School at Notre
How many doctorate and masters programs are available in Notre
Which art museum does Notre administer? administer? administer?
How was Father Edward Sorin
Which individual offered land to Father Edward Sorin?
Is Father Edward Sorin
On what date did brothers from the future of the future location of the future location of the time?
What is the first structure of college?
In what year did the initial degrees get handed out of Notre
In what year did the original Sorin built Main Building
Which individual began a library at Notre
In what year had the library had the library for 10,000 books?
In what year was the library at Notre started?
Who are the home at home TV series?
How many programs did NDtv feature in 2002?
Which radio to the students of the students of the students of the students of students
What are the best internet radio Dame Dame
How much is Eddy Street Commons
When was ground broke on the Eddy Street Commons Commons Project Commons
Who is the developer of Eddy Street Street
Which entity did entity hire to build a parking structure outside Eddy Street Commons?
What were the part of the construction at the construction at Eddy Street Commons, they came due he hiring of whom?
What does the acronym stand for?
Which league league Which
What when fencing fencing teams take part of conference take teams take part in?

In what conference did the conference take part of 2012?
Is it true that the Big East?
How many season do the season Irish commit against season
Where did the Irish hockey hockey team compete to a move team to a conference?
What colors are the official ones used Dame in sport competition?
What type of mascot do sport teams have?
Who provides uniforms Dame
What is the value of the contract between Under Under
How did the band of band form?
What is notable about notable
What is the Dame
Who did Notre Dame's football team find inspiration from?
When did Notre Dame in football Dame
What university is What Dame
How can we improve our team in Against
What amount of the College of students named students in the College Football Football Football Football Football ?
What is the notable football player for 1916 to 1916 on 1916
How did Against Against
Which person portrayed in the 1940 movie Rockne?"
What was Ronald Reagan played the role of whom in 1940's
How many seats are there in Notre
What is the displayed at the displayed of football home for football home games at football
What occurs at midnight of football game at midnight of home game at midnight of home game
From where does the Band of Irish lead a march for football home games?
What songs does the Band of the Band of the Band of Irish play home football games?
What day do Notre Dame games occur?
How many wins does the men's basketball team have?
How many schools have similar to wins?
How many did
Which men's basketball player has the record for more points in one game?
Who was the men's basketball coach in 2014?
Who wrote the original lyrics to the original lyrics Victory March?
In what year did Michael J. Shea graduate graduate
Who is responsible for writing the music for
How did "Notre get its copyrighted?
Is the loyal sons Fight in Fight Song"
What was Ronald Reagan had another war?
In what film did the film of speech appear?
Why is the Daniel Ruettiger Daniel
Which person was a former to Ted Striker
Which film portrayed in the movie portrayed in the film portrayed
Which Secretary of State attended attended
Which Notre Which from the College of science won a Nobel Prize?
Who is the current president of Notre
How do you deal with winning the United States?
What is the astronaut known to have attended
How did Beyonce start getting popular?
How did Beyonce compete in when she was growing up?
How did Beyonce leave Destiny's
What is the city in the world?
In which decade did Beyonce become famous?
What group was she the lead singer?
What album made her worldwide known artist?
Who managed Child group?
How did Beyonce grow up?
What was the name of solo album?
On what date did the date of the World?
What is Beyonce's full name?
When did Beyoncé rise to fame?
What role did Beyoncé have on Destiny's Child?
What was the first album of a solo artist?
When did Beyoncé release Dangerously
How many solo album?
What was Beyoncé's role in Child?
What was the name of solo album?
When is the first solo album?
What other entertainment entertainment should venture solo explore?
Who invented Beyonce
How did you win?
How was the first Golden movie did
When did Beyonce take control of her management?
Is there any darker darker in her previous work?
What did did did
When did Destiny's Child end their group act?
What is the second solo album?
What was the first acting acting in 2006?
Who is married to?
What is the name of Beyoncé's
What are some recurring spot in them?
Can Time magazine named her one of her one of the most 100 people of the century?
Which magazine declared the most dominant woman?
In which decade did the Industry Industry Association of America recognize America as the Top Certified Association of America?
What magazine rated in 2015?
How did Beyonce describe herself for a feminist?
In which years did Time rate in the world?
How many records has Beyonce sold in her 19 year career?
How many records did Beyoncé sell the Child?
How many records release under leaving
How many Grammy awards won?
What magazine has the most powerful female musician in 2015?
What are your views on younger sibling also sang
How did Beyonce get her name from?
What race was father?
What religion?
father father for sales manager for what company?
What is a mother Beyonce's
What younger sister of Beyonce also appeared in Child?
What is a descendent Beyonce
What company did Beyoncé's father work for when she was a child?
How did Beyoncé's mother own child?
What is the name of Beyoncé's younger sister?
What is a leader? Beyoncé
What religion?
What town did town go to school in?
Who was the first person to notice Beyonce's
What town after she left her first elementary school?
Which teachers discovered her talent?
Is it true that a church is not church
What made Elementary School?
How did Beyonce sing to win a competition at age 7?
Which city was elementary school located in?
What was the name of dance instructor?
How old did she won a school talent skills?
How did Beyoncé sing in for two years?
Who decided to Star in Star Search the talent show?
Who decided to manage girls singing group?
Who was the first record label to give the first girls a deal?
Who brought her group in Star Search?
In what year did year father quit his job to manage her group?
What large record company recorded album?
What record record first signed first signed and Beyonce's
At what age did Beyonce meet LaTavia
How old was Beyoncé when she met LaTavia
What was the first group Beyoncé
Who placed placed placed
When did Beyoncé begin to manage the girl group?
Who signed the girl group on October 5, 1995?
Which film first major major single?
What is the song, of Destiny's Child the song, award take home award
What is the best way to record a movie "The
What year?
The name book Child Child was based on a Bible?
song, song, song, song, song,
What are some of the best songs for the 43 Awards?
What song did a song record a song with movie,
How did Child get their name from?
Who was included in which film's song, Killing was included in which film's film's
What was the first song hit?
When did second Child release their second album?
Who did Beyoncé sing a duet movie?
What mental health issue do you have?
What event after she was publicly
What are some examples of depression?
What event caused Beyonce's depression?
How long is Beyonce depressed?
Who helped Beyonce Beyonce
Who replaced the Child?
Who was blamed and blamed leaving Child?
Who helped Beyoncé depression during the years Child split?
Which newest member was the Child?
band from the band members?
How many weeks did their single Women Part I"
How did Beyonce land a major movie role in?
Does third album, have third album, Their
What French composer wrote the original composer wrote in the 19th century?
How do I be a lawsuit to be filed in 2001?
Is it safe to 2000 I was Part I was Part I was not Part I was on the film's
What film did Beyoncé star in 2001 with Mekhi
What is the name of third album?
Who filed a lawsuit over Survivor?
When did Destiny's Child announce their announce
Who did Beyonce star Powers in Goldmember"?
Which countries have top ten countries Out"
Jr. Beyonce Jr. with Cuba Gooding Jr. in which Cuba Gooding
How did Beyonce record the lead lead Temptations"?
Which song from the charts?
What film did Beyonce appear in Mike Myers?
What large amount did the movie gross?
What movie did Beyonce star in Cuba Gooding, Jr?
What is the lead of the film's sound track?
How did the movie, the movie, the movie movie,
What film did Beyoncé star in Mike Myers
What was the called character in Austin Powers in Austin Powers in Austin
Which song did Beyoncé release as the lead to Austin Powers in Goldmember's
What musical comedy did musical comedy in 2003?
What song did Beyoncé release as a song
What was the highest Beyonce's solo recording achieved in 100?
How do you first album herself deal with a first album of all time?
How many has "Dangerously in worldwide since its debut?
What song?
How many five first album?
Who is the best solo album of all time?
What are the solo album of 2003?
What is the spot of The Top 100 chart?
Which artist?
Is solo premiere
When is the first solo album?
What is the lead on first album?
Who helped Beyoncé for Best Awards?
How many awards did Beyoncé win at Awards?
What are some examples of final album named
What is your review of Child Child got a star on the Hollywood year?
In what year did Beyonce embark in Love in Europe?
What was the final album of the Child?
What is the secret European city?
When did Destiny's Child get their star on the Hollywood of Fame?
What was the name of European European start in November 2003?
Who did the Verizon tour with the Verizon Lades
What major event did Beyoncé perform at on 2004?
What is the name of final studio from the Child?
How many albums did she sell her second album?
Which song?
How many countries did her song status
How many second album are there?
What birthday album did Beyonce's B'Day
What artist did Beyonce duet with Vu''?
How high did ''Deja climb on Billboard chart?
What is the second album?
How many copies did copies sell in the first week of the first week of the week of the week of the week of the week of the week of its week of the first week of the week of the week of the week of its week release?
Who collaborated on single, Deja Deja
Which single from B'Day was only released in the U.K.?
What movie did Beyonce act in 2006?
What is your favorite movie?
Which movie?
Which is the best place in the world?
How much money did tour make in 2007?
How many millions of dollars Pink Pink Panther''
What is the first concert tour?
Who was duet duet Liar''?
What film did Steve Martin star mean?
role of a pop singer?
What was the lead for Dreamgirls
What was the name of the international tour?
What pop singer did a duet Liar? on Beautiful Liar?
Can you got married in 2008 to whom?
Is Her third album, Her
What are some of the best songs that have top ten songs?
Which singer beat best video performance?
How much money?
How did she lie the marriage?
When did Beyonce begin her second world tour?
Who beat out the Best Female Female Video
How much did the second world make in dollars?
How did Beyoncé get married?
How did Beyoncé get married?
Who is a alter
What are some examples of The video for the video for the Year award? of the Year the Year award? of the Year the Year award? of the Year the Year award? of the Year the Year award? of the Year the Year award? of the Year the Year award? of the Year the Year award? of the Year award? of the Year the Year award? of the Year the Year Video
Which star felt the most Taylor Swift?
character in the portrayed portrayed in the film, Records?
entire salary gave her entire salary from her entire salary from which organization?
Which song did Beyonce sing at the first ball?
What movie was the movie, of Obsessed,
What movie won scene from movie,
Where did Beyonce donate her salary from the movie Records?
What are the best thriller movies?
What was the name of the woman she played in Obsessed?
How much did the film gross?
Which singer did Beyoncé portray in Cadillac Records?
Which organization received Records salary?
Where did Beyoncé perform on January 20,
Which thriller film did Beyoncé star in Ali Larter?
How many awards was Beyonce nominated for the Awards?
artist for a female artist?
What other singer?
How many number did Beyonce now have after the song "Telephone"?
Who for most female? who for a female?
Who received how many Awards? Awards?
What is the sixth first song of all time?
Who appeared with Beyonce in Telephone?
Who did they tie for six songs?
Who did the Beyonce tie in a year?
How many did
How did Beyoncé tie for female artists?
Is Beyoncé a Beyoncé hit,
Who did Lady and Lady Gaga for the most number tie with the most number tie one hits since 1992?
If you could have a break from music to take a break from which year?
Which year did Beyonce and her father part business ways?
What famous landmark did landmark in China?
In what year did Beyonce have her hiatus?
Who inspired this Who
When did she stop using her father as a manager?
How long did the hiatus last?
What is the announce in January 2010?
Who should I read for Beyoncé?
Who did Beyoncé part of hiatus?
How long did her hiatus last?
In which year was reports about Beyonce performing for surface?
How did Beyonce donate from her shows?
Who is the first female artist to perform solo in 20 years?
Which organization organization organization
was the highest paid listed in 2011 as the highest paid performer per what?
How did everyone learn Beyonce
When did happen?
Who did she tell about donation?
How did Beyonce perform in 2011?
How did Beyoncé perform in 2011?
Who released information ruler?
How did Beyoncé donate her pay for the private performance to?
Who was the first female singer to headline what at Festival?
